---
layout: show
title: Cinderella - A Christ's College Pantomime
showprice: £4
showtype: Pantomime
showtimes: 01/12/14  to 03/12/14 - 19:30
showimage: /img/panto.jpg
---
A dream is a wish your heart makes…

Yet, will wishes be enough for Cinderella to escape her evil stepmother, Lady Tremaine, and her two ugly stepsisters, Anastasia and Drizella?Will Buttons ever confess his love to Cinderella or will he have to let it go? Will Prince Charming ever get to do what he wants? More importantly – will Cinderella be home by the stroke of midnight?

There really is only one way to find out!

It’s time to enter into the wonderful world of CADS Pantomime where the camp factor is high, the jokes dirtier (most definitely not suitable for children) and the fun is better than ever before! With suitably cheesy good old fashioned musical numbers and a colourful cast, Cinderella is going to be the biggest and best Panto Christ’s has ever seen! If you’re looking for a hilarious, Christmassy spectacle, make sure to come on down to the Yusuf Hamied Theatre at Christ’s College to experience Cinderella: A Christ’s College Pantomime!

Cinderella - Becky Seakins
Prince Charming - Sam Dunbavin
Buttons - Richard Kish
Dandini - Milena Messner
Fairy Godmother - Heloise Ungless
Lady Tremaine - Kyle Fearn
Anastasia - Lewis Wade
Drizella - Tony Leech
King - Rob Ralston
Queen - Abby Hayes
Archbishop - Robin Lamboll
Horse - Hannah Taylor-Lewis
Horse - Sophie Parry
Chorus - Matt Varnam
Chorus - Ciaran Lunt
Chorus - Matt Johnston

Producer - Gerard Martin
Director - Jodie Coates
Writer - Richard Kish
Stage Manager - Elisabet Lindgren
Deputy Stage Manager - Chloe Marsh
Publicity Designer - Ciaran Lunt